# Decompilation

In analysis of this serial codes, the techs of decomplication may be required. So here is a demo.

### Postscript

1. In compiling procedure, `-m32` parameter is for telling c++ compiler to compile this source codes in x86-32 platform because the parameters of function are passed by register in x86-64 platform.
1. Command `c++filt` is for demangling the symbols.
1. Except for executive codes, there are more contents be assembled after the compilation and we can simply ignore them. Here is a brief of this contents. This contents are generated by `GNU Assembler`.

	2. `CFA`: Canonical Frame Address
	2. `CFI`: Call Frame Information
	2. `.cfi_startproc` is used at the beginning of each function that should have an entry in .eh_frame. It initializes some internal data structures and emits architecture dependent initial CFI instructions. Don't forget to close the function by .cfi_endproc.
	2. `.cfi_endproc` is used at the end of a function where it closes its unwind entry previously opened by `.cfi_startproc`. and emits it to.eh_frame.
	2. `.cfi_offset register, offset`: Previous value of register is saved at offset offset from CFA.
	2. `.cfi_def_cfa_register register`: `.cfi_def_cfa_register` modifies a rule for computing CFA. From now on register will be used instead of the old one. Offset remains the same.
	2. `.cfi_def_cfa_offset offset`: `.cfi_def_cfa_offset` modifies a rule for computing CFA. Register remains the same, but offset is new. Note that it is the absolute offset that will be added to a defined register to compute CFA address.